---
title: Meeting Minutes
layout: meetings
permalink: /meetings/
show_exerpts: true
entires_layout: list
---

{% include toc %}

## Default timeslots and attendees

| Category              | Default Timeslots      | Default Attendees |
| --------------------- | ---------------------- | :---------------: |
| First client meeting  | Tuesday 14:00 - 16:00  |   Team & client   |
| Second client meeting | Thursday 18:00 - 19:00 |   Team & client   |
| Tutorial              | Wednesday 8:00 - 10:00 |   Team & tutor    |
| Group meeting         | Flexible               |       Team        |

## Client Meetings

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Date & Time</th>
    <th>Attendees</th>
    <th>Agenda</th>
    <th>Notes, decisions & action items</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 1, 2021 <br>Meeting 1 (client) <br>15:30 - 17:30</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu<br> @Phillip Wu<br> @Ruiqiao Jiang<br> @Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Johannes Eichholz<br> @Steve Madden<br> @Deon Hickey<br></td>
    <td>1. First meeting between team members and clients<br>2. Project introduction</td>
    <td>Will discuss more about the detailed requirements later.</td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td>Mar 4, 2021<br> Meeting 3 (client)<br>  18:00 - 19:00</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Johannes Eichholz <br>@Steve Madden<br>@Deon Hickey</td>
    <td>1. Identify client need<br>2. Team obtained full workflow sample</td>
    <td>Need to present statement of work to clients</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 9, 2021 <br>Meeting 4 (client)<br>14:00 - 16:00</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Johannes Eichholz <br>@Steve Madden<br>@Deon Hickey</td>
    <td>1. Discussed details of information to implement on website and database <br> 2. Signed statement of work and agreements</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 11, 2021 <br>Meeting 7 (client)<br>18:00 - 19:30</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Johannes Eichholz <br>@Steve Madden<br>@Deon Hickey</td>
    <td>- Future audit requirements<br>- Risk assessment<br>- Database structure and organization<br>- “Design” data representations in database to main flexibility<br>- Data/file integrity across different hardware platforms</td>
    <td>1. Ask Tim for requirements of audit 2 and what to include/expect in the security assessment <br>2. Need to figure out ways to search through all records for key info<br>3. Alternative way: using tags to manage incompatible file types <br>4. Need to decide how to maintain data integrity using SQL or NoSQL databases<br>  - E.g. LabView file on Win95 can’t be decoded easily to feed into our database<br>  - Data syncs between offline equipments can be tricky<br>5. Right now, performance of database operations is not of the high priority because the expected order scale is around hundreds to thousands per year</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 16, 2021 <br>Meeting 9 (client)<br>14:00 - 16:15</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Johannes Eichholz <br>@Steve Madden<br>@Deon Hickey</td>
    <td>1. Discuss about the risk assessment<br>2. clarify the use of the “tag”<br>3. detailed order process</td>
    <td>- Need to do the risk assessment during every process of the project.<br> - Cause every step may go wrong.<br>- the order needs to be modified. <br>- The customers can cancel the order and get their feedback<br>- Start drafting the interface and the user requirements</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 18, 2021 <br>Meeting 11 (client)<br>18:00 - 19:30</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Johannes Eichholz <br>@Deon Hickey</td>
    <td>1. Follow up on Martin<br>2. Some updates from the tutorial<br>3. An early version of user requirements<br>4. Raymond will demonstrate how to sketch the web front-end this weekend<br>5. Hopefully we can finish the web front-end design together</td>
    <td>Database has to be hosted on local server within School of Physics network Start drafting the database with Sketch.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 23, 2021 <br>Meeting 13(client)<br>20:00 - 21:30</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Johannes Eichholz <br>@Deon Hickey</td>
    <td>1.Discuss the website prototype</td>
    <td>- Need to modify the website prototype to better meet the user requirements in the first two service type.<br>- The detailed discussions is in the sub-page:Meeting Minutes 13（Client) </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 25, 2021 <br>Meeting 15<br>18:00-19:30(client)</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Johannes Eichholz <br>@Deon Hickey<br>@sukanta debbarma </td>
    <td>1. Present the current website prototype after updating since the last meeting<br>2. Discuss the website prototype on other two service types.</td>
    <td>- Need to modify the prototype according to the detailed discussion note <br>- The detailed discussion is in the child-page:Meeting Minutes 16(Clients) </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 26, 2021 <br>Meeting 16(client)<br>14:00 - 15:00</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@sukanta debbarma </td>
    <td>Polish the front end design of Optic coating </td>
    <td>The detailed discussion is in the child-page:Meeting Minutes 17(Clients) </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Apr 1, 2021 <br>Meeting 17 (Clients)<br>18:00 - 19:10</td>
    <td>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Wo Tian <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Deon.Hickey </td>
    <td>1.Discuss possible meeting arrangements during the break<br>2.Refining the website prototype<br>3.Ask about the competitive</td>
    <td>1. The detailed discussion of refining the website prototype is in the child-page.<br>2. For the competitive, there is a coating company in  France.<br>3. The difference is that Opto do everthing cheaply, funded by the government. High-quality and receptable in various prices. <br>4. Customized, Unique.<br>5. Continue to modify the webiste prototype and present it to the clients for further instructions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Apr 20, 2021 <br>Meeting 20 (Clients)<br>14:00-16:00</td>
    <td>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Wo Tian <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Deon.Hickey <br>@johannes.eichholz <br>@Charles Gretton </td>
    <td>Present the current website to the clients.<br>Meet Charles and ask him some technique questions<br>Discuss the detailed db requirements</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Apr 23, 2021 <br>Meeting 21 (Clients)<br>11:15-12:20</td>
    <td>@Deon.Hickey <br>@johannes.eichholz <br>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Guoyu Wang </td>
    <td>Discuss the database requirements.</td>
    <td>The detailed discussion is in the child-page:Meeting Minutes 21(Clients) </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Apr 27, 2021 <br>Meeting 23 (clients)<br>14:00 - 15:30</td>
    <td>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Wo Tian <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Deon.Hickey  <br>@johannes.eichholz  </td>
    <td>Present the current progress of the website and make some changes.</td>
    <td>- surface form - TBD with Steve<br>- wave length - needs 2 fields<br>- spec1 - please select - add min and max before the fields<br>- chamfer x, chamfer y<br>- after side1 before coating - add a text field called description of face<br>SPDT - delete surface finishes and curvature</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Apr 29, 2021<br>Meeting 26 (Clients)<br>17:00-18:00 </td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@sukanta debbarma  </td>
    <td>Discuss the last bunch of changes that need to be made to the website</td>
    <td>- The notes were taken on the meeting:web correction.docx <br>- Changes will be discussed with the corresponding teammates via Zoom.  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Apr 29, 2021 <br>Meeting 27 (Clients)<br>18:00-20:00</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Deon.Hickey  <br>@stephen.madden  <br>@sukanta debbarma  </td>
    <td>Discuss the current website <br>Discuss the database requirement <br>Discuss the video</td>
    <td>Tasks:<br>- Wo: draw relational schema, record commentary<br>- Guoyu: powerpoint visualization and learn to cut video <br>- Hengrui: animation </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Apr 30, 2021 <br>Meeting 28 (Clients)<br>11:30-12:00</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Deon.Hickey  <br>@stephen.madden </td>
    <td>Film interview with Steve </td>
    <td>Produce showcase video </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>May 4, 2021 <br>Meeting 28 (Clients)</td>
    <td>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Wo Tian <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@johannes.eichholz  <br>@sukanta debbarma  <br>@stephen.madden  </td>
    <td>show clients the webiste</td>
    <td>- needs to add a button for check if the client is a robot(in the next semester)<br>- delete the mission part in the layout<br>- need a link for the main home page：make it clear that this is the sub-page of the anff website.<br>- add a welcome paragraph <br>- the website needs to adjust the screen size</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>July 23, 2021 <br>Meeting 1</td>
    <td>Wo Tian <br>Deon Hickey<br>Johannes Eichholz  <br>Sukanta Debbarma  <br>Stephen Madden  </td>
    <td>Discuss the Semester Plan<br>Finalise detail in to-do list regarding website enhancement</td>
    <td>- Refine the to-do list<br>- Find out if attending the Team Formation Night is needed<br>- Meet Dr. Yu Lin for professional advice</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Tutorials

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Time</th>
    <th>Attendees</th>
    <th>Agenda</th>
    <th>Notes, decisions & action items</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 10, 2021 <br>Meeting 6 (Tutorial)<br>8:00 - 10:00</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Timothy Christie<br>@Johannes Eichholz <br>@Steve Madden </td>
    <td>- Presentation for Audit 1<br>- Feedback from our tutor, client and shadow team</td>
    <td>- Dig more background research on database products on the market<br>- Add risk assessment for our project<br>- Elaborate on milestones and deliverables<br>:warning: Missed Monday deadline of finalizing our landing page</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 17, 2021 <br>Meeting 10 (Tutorial)<br>08:00 - 10:00</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Yaoyi Xu  <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Timothy Christie </td>
    <td>- How can we draft user requirements for our client?<br>- Should the risk assessment include more than technical issues and security threats?<br>- We now have three major portals for our projects, how can we better align artifacts among these three?<br>- What do we need to add to our statement of work according to your suggestions?</td>
    <td>- We plan to divide the user requirements into website and database parts elaborating on user stories template<br>- We incorporate non-technical issues like project management in the risk assessment<br>- SOW is okay for now since it’s already signed<br>- Different repos need to align for consistency</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 24, 2021 <br>Meeting 14 (Tutorial)<br>08:00 - 10:00</td>
    <td>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Wo Tian <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Timothy Christie </td>
    <td>- Arrangement with Martin form ANU IT of RSPhysics<br>- Iterations of client requirements<br>- Database implementations and experience<br>- Specifics of audit 2</td>
    <td>- Ask @stephen.madden to submit portal feedback for both audit 1 and audit 2<br>- Weekly status report for both client and tutor to track deliverables and schedule what to do next<br>- Adding possible mitigating solutions (table) to corresponded risk assessment (project) items</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Group Meetings

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Time</th>
    <th>Attendees</th>
    <th>Agenda</th>
    <th>Notes, decisions & action items</th>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Mar 2, 2021<br>Meeting 2 (group)<br>21:30 - 22:30</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang </td>
    <td>1. Discuss how to proceed with identifying clients’ needs<br>2. Discuss weekly meeting time</td>
    <td>- Need to ask clients the following things: a complete order/production process/use case sample<br>- Need to know what are private/protected information</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 9, 2021 <br>Meeting 5 (group)<br>21:30 - 22:30</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang </td>
    <td>- Discuss and refine audit 1 presentation details<br>- Refine the project schedule</td>
    <td>- Speakers (Ruiqiao, Wo, Ruoqian): add speech to presentation slides<br>- Hengrui: modify the powerpoint format</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 15, 2021 <br>Meeting 8 (group)<br>20:00 - 21:30</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang </td>
    <td>Discuss agendas in the next client meeting<br>Organise team task assignment</td>
    <td>1. Discuss agendas in the next client meeting<br>2. Organise team task assignment</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 22, 2021 <br>Meeting 12 (group)<br>20:00 - 21:30</td>
    <td>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Yaoyi Xu <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang </td>
    <td>Prepare agenda for client meeting <br>Summarize current problems <br> Discuss prototype <br>Task allocation</td>
    <td>- Members need to merge meeting minutes from Google Drive to Confluence <br>- Technical support from ANU should talk to Martin , like database server for website, current platforms for development. <br>- Henry, Ruoqian and Guoyu need to improve prototype</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mar 27, 2021 <br>Meeting 17 (group)<br>22:00 - 23:00</td>
    <td>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Wo Tian <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Yaoyi Xu </td>
    <td>Discuss content for audit 2</td>
    <td>- Finalised audit 2 presentation<br>- Discussed better team collaboration measures</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Apr 2, 2021 <br>Meeting 18 (group)<br>22:00 - 22:40</td>
    <td>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Wo Tian <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Yaoyi Xu </td>
    <td>- Summarize completed work <br>- Discuss the tasks for next iteration<br>- Assign tasks to group members </td>
    <td>Tasks assigned to each member: <br>- <strong>Front end</strong>:<br>- Hengrui: Optic coating<br>- Philip: CSS<br>- Wo: All except new order<br>- Ruiqiao: All service types except optic coating<br>- Ruoqian: JS<br>- <strong>Back end</strong>:<br>- Guoyu and Yaoyi: sending email, extract data from status file (database)<br>Due day for all tasks: 14th April </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Apr 15, 2021 <br>Meeting 19 (group)<br>8:00 - 9:48</td>
    <td>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Wo Tian <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Yaoyi Xu </td>
    <td>- Review current works<br>- Design and refine the website user interface  <br>- Summarize audit 2 results <br>- Planning for next iteration<br>- Discuss contribution measurement</td>
    <td>Website UI:<br>Link the header image to ANFF home page<br>Delete footer<br>Delete unnecessary  labels in the left <br>Delete menu bar in the right side<br>- Task Assigning:<br>Website maintenance: @Phillip Wu(HTML) @Yaoyi Xu(BACKEND) @Ruoqian Wu(JS) <br>Database Designing: @Wo Tian @Hengrui Xu @Ruiqiao Jiang @Guoyu Wang <br>Video: @Ruiqiao Jiang @Guoyu Wang @Hengrui Xu @Wo Tian <br>Decision Making:<br>Add decision making log session</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Apr 26, 2021 <br>Meeting 22 (database and video group)<br>19:30-22:00</td>
    <td>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Wo Tian <br>@Hengrui Xu </td>
    <td>Discuss the database relational schema<br>Scheduling the video production  <br>Discuss video design</td>
    <td>Continuing the relational schema</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Apr 27, 2021 <br>Meeting 24 (Group)<br>22:00-22:50</td>
    <td>@Ruiqiao Jiang <br>@Phillip Wu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Wo Tian <br>@Ruoqian Wu <br>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Yaoyi Xu </td>
    <td>Discuss current website work <br>Discuss video content and design</td>
    <td>- Complete website layout by the end of the week<br>- Video <br>- PowerPoint and gif <br>- Short interview with clients include quality measurement, impact of project</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Apr 28, 2021 <br>Meeting 25 (group)<br>19:00-21:30</td>
    <td>@Hengrui Xu <br>@Guoyu Wang <br>@Wo Tian </td>
    <td>Discuss video structure and content<br>Database group task assignment </td>
    <td>Video slides link (prototype): <br>Video v3.pptx <br>Task assigning:<br>Wo: write script of the video(Friday), write database relational schema(Saturday), prototype the software for database management (Wednesday)<br>Hengrui: animation(Saturday correct together), learn to cut video<br>Guoyu: visualization(Friday), learn to cut video</td>
  </tr>
</table>
